i drink at least one energy drink a day. sometimes the dollar store runs out of the ones i like cause i buy them all and they only restock at the end of the month.

lately ive been going to the quickie mart across the street, and they have a different selection of energy drinks, but a lot of theirs are different variations of Monster energy drink. i did see an orange Amp energy drink in there though. my favorite mostly is the green Amp energy drink. here they are from most flavorful to least flavorful. i will add some notes if i need to.

Amp green energy drink i like this. it doesnt make me feel sick. its not the greatest but its pretty good.

red bull. this is ok flavorwise.

monster ultra red ok flavorwise

rockstar energy drinks. not so great flavorwise. burns like the dickens. harsh flavors imo.

kickstart. the flavor is bad. but this drink has 100 percent of your daily intake of vitamin C so i get it sometimes. 

Monster assault=- not very good. i thought the first few sips were disgusting. gets better the more i drink it. this is the one i got today.

Full Throttle, an energy drink made by the coca cola company, has like 56 grams of sugar in it. do not drink it. i drank one yesterday it made me sick. in comparison, every energy drink ive listed here has about 25 or 30 grams of sugar or is sugar free and has an artificial sweetener. (monster ultra red has the artificial sweetener)

Xplode, full throttle has a shitload of sugar in it. its got almost twice of the amount of sugar of all those energy drinks i listed before it. i drank one yesterday it made me sick. i was literally freaking out at drinking that much sugar cause i dont weight that much

im just getting what they have at my stores but i just started going to quick mart ill see if he has some other drinks on other rows. i think i saw a Nerd energy drink in there one time on a different row

its the same as drinking a soda azzindahouse. and im trying to drink it all through straws, i lost my straws. i think my teeth are getting better since i started drinking milk

kickstart is apparently not an energy drink its a sparkling juice beverage. with 100 percent vitamin c. yay. tastes like crap. is made by mountain dew

what synthetic ingredients. energy drinks have a lot b of vitamins and taurine. and sugar

the top 5 ingredients in just about all of them is carbonated water, sucrose, glucose, citric acid and taurine

because i like energy drinks and i dont like coffee lol. iced coffee gives me diahrea and makes me feel buzzy

luckbox theres no sodium benzoate in some of these chill. lol

theres no sodium benzoate in rockstar, monster assault or red bull

theyre all fine just be quiet. just stay away from full throttle lol.

i said i drank one a day not 2 or four.

sometimes i drink two though

excellent flavor. no sugar. mild aftertaste of something i cant name, but not unpleasant.

i hit up cvs today cause its thanksgiving and the dollar store was closed

christender go away your mario games still suck. btw

i just bought ten dollars worth of shit from cvs because the dollar store and aldi was closed.

a stouffers french bread pizza that was probably like 5 dollars, two bottle cokes at the price of 2 for 3 dolalrs (since theres nowhere else to get them) and an energy drink for 2.50.

i shouldve got a 12 pack of dr pepper but it was like 5.50 and i was like fuck that. 

12 sodas for 5 dollars is paying less than 3 dollars for 2 of them though. or 3. since i got the bottle kind

its because i wasnt drinking milk btw

no rosenburg

they dont idk why i was sharty that day.

but amp makes your pee radioactive. so i guess it makes watery poo radioactive too

weavile youre not a good poster. try harder

willow quit being a baby you have a party topic. i dont like it when people make a topic like im gonna kill myself and then it turns into a party topic. go party

christ ender has been mass posting in my topics cause i said his 3d mario game sucked lolz

u wanna fight willow

why are you up in a bush 

i am reporting you break the rules and i will report you

also nintendo sucks haha fag XD

if you fuck with evil wilow she will bite you. btw